# A Survey on End-Edge-Cloud Orchestrated Network Computing Paradigms: Transparent Computing, Mobile Edge Computing, Fog Computing, and Cloudlet
## Abstract
In IoT era, it's difficult to satisfy delay sensitivity and context awareness of IoT applications. 
In recent years, facing this challenge, several new computing paradigms have emerged,  which form a new hierarchical architecture： End-Edge-Cloud architecture to improve the efficiency of IoT. 
This article compares the feature and architecture of four computing, and survey the latest research in computing loading, cache, security, and privacy. In the end, some potential research directions have been overlooked.
## 2 Emerging Computing Paradigm and Evaluation Criterions
Having an introduction to four computing paradigms: Transparent Computing(TC), Fog Computing(Fog), Mobile Edge Computing(MEC), and Cloudlet.
### 2.1 Transparent Computing(TC)
A computing paradigm that provides services directly without making the users feel the details of the services
TC has 3 Comcept:
· Client-server mode: Servers storage software and data of users, client device request instruction and data from servers through the network.
·Division of software and hardware: Instead of client devices, it's servers storage software, OS, and so on.
·Block-stream Service: Enable client device to get services on demand, and just load the code block related to this service.
### 2.2 Mobile Edge Computing(MEC)
Comcept:
· Cloud and IT provision close to mobile users
·Executing users' requests on edge by deploying cloud servers at base stations.
### 2.3 Fog Computing

### 2.4 Cloudlet

## 7 Conclusion

Repetition of abstract?


